---
navigation:
  title: Miscalculator
---

# MISCALCULATOR

## Relativeness
Also finds it’s roots in etymology, human relations are bound to relativeness. Which mainly refers to comparability of two or more persons.

Can etymology be the right reference here to rely on? Certainly not.

Since human life is a personal term, rather than social; relativeness, with comparability to others and with other effects, is the biggest threat to one’s joy from life.

---
* If you ask them, everyone himself is most valuable and most undervalued. Graded by unknown.

* and the bird has said, "who is flying better?"

* unluckily, he/she had an appearance looked challenging to others.

* what a luck, is others hate.

* Search for meaning, is possible root of relativeness.


## Solitude (Isolation) of Mind
- response, empathy, sympathy, values, expectations

And I jumped over the table. As I wanted to.

## Reason or Meaning
Life gets progressed of reasons, causation, and I ask you the meaning.

what is the meaning, you are reading this text?

## Purpose/Relation/Affect
Certainly Starlink hasn't been invested to interfere your night-sky view, but it does.

## Parasite
Since human can produce, it eventually becomes parasite to each other.

Love, marriage, inflation, currency, immigration, boss, employee (not worker), taxes... is to name some forms.

## Becoming
Everything is in state of becoming. It keeps becoming.

## Equation
That said, the problem and the solve is always on same body.


## Objective
Life is “objective”, since there is no such thing “subjective”.

- “Fans” were not celebrating the goal.

Although the goal itself subjective, the fan himself, denies the goal or doesn’t celebrate the goal, for some reason. Which takes precedence on own perspective. 

In another dimension, there is no such thing called “goal”. where you don't have a name.

## Rush
He was in big rush and his friend has asked 
- "where are you going?"
- I don't know (but makes me look important, not be neglected)

> life, human, existence, psychology, relativeness (incl. business and governments)

why marriage?
why aggression?
why sitting on chair all day?
why calling me several times every day?

"I don't know" is at the center of global human activity. 
hopefully would resolve to: person with conscious/awareness. senseful.

Mr. senseful bigunderlined 😀

## Story
Is this really yours?

## House
Let's say, you wake up in a house, full of food and wines, movie theater and a sound system...etc. what would be your next action?

A- enjoy everything you have until you lose it
B- to find out "how I ended up here"?

## Evilization
because I am the good one. 😇
is a process similar to "stupidization"

## Company
Every day is like being a guest in someone else's company. Somedays I'm about to ask "may I take a shower?". Every company could have been a project and run by project managers, with same duty as other staff. Public financials, revenue sharing ... and so on.


## Orbit
Mass-gravity rule (understanding) may be over.

Rotational speed of earth may be definer of distance to sun. Both stable.

Adding radius and mass, entire galaxy can be an equation, resulting zero, since balanced.

It keeps rotating. and. Can not get closer because it is fast. Can not move away because its slow.

Ellipsis imbalance, may be due to some other reason
In this respect, fall is an outcome of air-pressure only and no reason to keep up.

## Motion of Hunger
Hungry for
- knowledge
- power
- food/water
- attention
- love
- quality
- intelligence
- admiration
- pleasure
- discovery
- fun
... so on.

## Limited
is limited. such as mentally.
(special thx Doğan Cüceloğlu)

## Goal-oriented
What a pity 😂😂😂 (a tribute to Dionysos)


## Interest
I have something to tell. would you like to listen? 😂


## Cost
Cost of (something).

such as riding bike, leg muscles, healhty lungs, balance and dangers ahead and the one sitting at back.

and the ones building own bike. and ones doing it better.

and the journey through Japan.

and the winged rhinoceros 😂

and storm, and disease, and dirt, and cold, and hot, and thunder ⚡ 

and the one misunderstood. 
and the one got bored.
and your story.

end.




# CANDIDATES SECTION

## Ethics
This has ruined your life and the world. That it creates and live with its opposite.

The demand for ethics is unethical, so paradoxal.
Is putting the other person into "have to" state, forcing to obey.
A should, a must, an ought is a "have to", not only in aviation, but in daily life as well.

I only evaluate on "dirty, ugly, low-quality", not on ethics. I don't expect ethics, even from my enemy.

The way to get rid of ethics is not to expect/demand it from others.
It wasn't ethics (others rule), thats stopping you and others from doing what they don't do.

If one gets punished due to ethics, everything else around has to be perfect. otherwise it is unfair, so again un-ethical.

Is an enemy of freedom and independence, is an intervener to duty of security and law forces, with no seat you can apply with objection.

With its bi-products all racist, full of hate and horror... by the start, through the end, ethics is biggest threat to societies and the life.

Solving a paradox invalidation of hypothesis
That would make everything (you can imagine) is ethical, including unethical approach of ethics.
Therefore, ethically nothing wrong with racing for front seats

Ethically nothing wrong with disobeying the queue hypothesis: social order, respect invalidation: why lose time? solution is different.

Ethically nothing wrong with the war (except than logical part)
Nothing even wrong with not paying for food
Nothing wrong with anything, its all ethical





## The Model Surrounding Itself
Building a culture mainly runs on media but can be run within society as well.

Cancel culture, hate culture is to give some examples.

One of most prominent example is to focus on others and their mistakes rather than self.


## Ball
All life takes place on a ball that turns non-stop.

At this place, everyone's focused on their journey and can't help others even on most prosperous day.

The will, gets place above everything else to survive, to impact, to realize the life.

Probably many observed, a dog or a bear can not go further when cat is reacting. So life checks if you are still alive or just breathing and chit-chatting around.

Probably they know, one looks alive, may be their end as well.

Life requires some minimum amount of will, rather than being traded for non-life things.


## Return
Biggest issue for human life. same carpet, same events, same return after some time.

It’s possible to break out locally by breaking daily routines or sudden changes to daily plans. however it gets stuck to return again due to outer circle after reaching maximum.

I wish life flows in a way (for everyone) that i can change my life in a day, leaving all house and belongins behind, that i run away from them.

difficult process of making an application, meetings, tests, paperwork is blocking people, not to mention burden called CV. My objective? make money. what else can be? I think saxophone is nice as a saxophone, not on objectives section of a CV.

No ones happy to lose time in wrong place for them.

My best day in life, the day i moved to USA. Not because it's USA, but everything new, a different lifestyle to see, everything changed, i felt first time i breathe at my 30, when i settle in my room in Greek village.


## Ice
This was a protection to “the unknowns” but everybody became unknown.

i cant even talk to my neighbour, while others talking about removing borders.

we never met with that famous person, but i am pretty sure he knows me and i know him.



## Mr.Parameter
I've been thinking "why society is the first robot human ever built?".

Since time is a parameter (variable def.) Since parameter is a time (absolute def.)

Parameter is a mass Parameter is a force ...

Welcome to the world of Mr.Parameter.

It takes 45 minutes for Jenny to drive to work from home. 10 minutes for getting subs on the way accounted. When "Jenny the sub-maker" is late to prepare subs, she must be warned, since Jenny wants her subs on time and "Jenny the Boss" is concerned with "Jenny the Investor".

Everything must fit in the formula. (!)

## Answer
What is an answer? Answer, please.


## Tricky
A threat or confusing sentences or humiliation or hail or surprises ....

now I am, who knows what is for why, instead of living what it's trying to give to me.




----
### Miscalculator

In memory of Friedrich W. Nietzsche and Starfishes

"boredom is the root of all evil"
- beyond the good and the evil


Thank you for great songs. Thank you for your chat. ♥️

----
# OZGUR ARSLAN
[https://github.com/unviva](Github)

Other books I've published
[https://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/collapsed-columns-zg-r-arslan/1143306364](Collapsed Columns)