---
navigation:
  title: Leaving Kindmates
---

# Leaving-Kindmates

Leaving-kindmates is to get rid of everything&everyone that abuse society, based on perception of "we are both squirrels!".

It's an undiscovered life, where no more parenting, beneficiaries, "Dennis the menace"s and "Candy of daddy"s.

It relies on a simple rule.
Living alone, living as an individual.

So if human are from "mammals", there will be ones who are not from "mammals".

After years of hard-work and resistance, my observation is, every people on world, lacking 2 big qualities.
 - understanding "what life itself is" (the existence)
 - independent, self-focused life

## Connecting LK members
Does it mean having no interaction with other people? No.
We just want to connect with people who are looking life as we do. So LK like-minded.

## My expectation
In future, if I can merge my path even only with 5 people, who are able to understand "the fault" here, it's more than enough for me.

## The process
Just to make your wish to join and bind it to an action. It might be just going to swim, wandering around for few hours, or even having a beer. But you do it to join LK world.

Longer and repeating actions should go for stonger steps to join.

Should you keep it to yourself?
Well, you must learn to find your answers in life. Therefore, this text won't go for "deeper definitions" and directions to LK worldas well.

My own action is to publish this website, since I am already known and on the road.

## The cost
Although there are no cost to join LK, the process may put you on a journey where "you'll get fired of your job" or "outsided from existing circles".

It's hard to make an estimation of how hard it will be, but you should be ready for the worst.


## Who I am?
I am Ozgur Arslan, from Turkey.
I am a Software developer. 
Economics graduate (Istanbul university). 
A320 type-rated pilot.
And a philosopher with significant contributions.

I am also author of
Collapsed Columns - https://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/collapsed-columns-zg-r-arslan/1143306364
Miscalculator - https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-MFi0WN9iU2VoUBIYkdw4yH_LZKuFJ9C/view

I share my work on Github
github.com/blueorange589

And my thoughts on Twitter (X.com)
x.com/arsta42


Until then!


* I haven't used any tracker on this website, as the publisher.
